20th Century Fox presents a tribute to
anyone who has ever been overworked
underpaid and pushed to the edge by an
ungrateful boss
[Music]
they arrive promptly at 9:00 because if
they're not on time they know they'll
get the sack but before they begin the
daily grind the boss takes his cup black
they remember each date make sure he's
not late and keep everything organized
they reserve tables for brunch or a
three-martini lunch while they dine on
Burgers and Fries they listen to all his
problems they do their best to please
and even if they run the show he gets
paid for their ideas great work and so
long as he's alive from 9:00 to 5:00
they'll take it all they can but what
will go on when the light finally dogs
that it's time to get back at that man
[Music]
Jane Fonda
Lily Tomlin and Dolly Parton
[Music]
nine-to-five